DMB: switch remaining wiki elements to discourse (#174)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/staging/dmb/dmb-application.md

  assure your endorsers that you can be trusted with unsupervised upload access
  to the primary Archive.  

>   * On your application discourse page, you will describe your areas of work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * On your application Discourse page, describe your areas of work.
```

>     As a guideline, the DMB will expect to see that you have demonstrated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As a guideline, the DMB expects to see that you have demonstrated
```

developer of a delegated team for which the DMB handles applications, you must
apply to the {ref}`Developer Membership Board <dmb>` via the following process:

> * Create a dedicated discourse page for your application, using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a dedicated Discourse page for your application, using the
```

  [Developer Application Template](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/developer-application-template/66670).  

* Ask other developers to endorse your application by replying to your

>   discourse page. A typical application will have three to five endorsements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Discourse page. A typical application has three to five endorsements.
```

  Developers who [sponsored several uploads for you](https://udd.debian.org/cgi-bin/ubuntu-sponsorships.cgi)
  are good candidates.  

* Add yourself to the [dmb agenda](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/ubuntu-developer-membership-board-agenda/66634)
  on a suitable application meeting date.

* Announce your application and meeting date from the previous step (agenda) by
  writing an email to the `devel-permissions@` list, which includes:  

>   * The link to your discourse application page.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The link to your Discourse application page.  
```

>   [old meeting logs](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Logs)).

Reviewer: Do we want to move the old meeting logs to Discourse as well?

All members of the development community are welcome to attend and ask
questions, add your feedback (even if unsolicited) as comments to the

> application discourse page or ask questions of an applicant on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application Discourse page or ask questions of an applicant on the
```
